#### STORIES AND PERSONAS

### STORY 1: Customer buys products
A Customer accesses EzElectronics website to buy some products. The Customer needs to have an account (with 'Customer' role) in order to login on the website. To login, the Customer needs to enter her/his login credentials: username and password. If the Customer does not have an account, she/he has to sign up. To sign up, the Customer needs to fill in the following fields: name, surname, email, username, password and repeat password. Once the Customer logs in with her/his personal account on the website, she/he is able to add products from the following categories: smartphones, laptops and appliances to her/his current cart. Moreover, the Customer can filter by category and/or model the products available on the website. After adding one or more products to the current cart, the Customer can remove one product at a time from her/his cart or delete the current cart. Furthermore, the Customer can see her/his current cart content and the cart history of checked out carts. The Customer can finalize the current cart and do checkout by clicking the button 'checkout'. In the 'User' page, the Customer can see her/his credentials, log out from the website or delete her/his account by going to a dedicated page of the user account.


### STORY 2: Manager registers products
A Manager wants to register the arrival of products to the warehouse databse and/or add products available in the warehouse databse to the EzElectronics website. The Manager needs to have an account (with 'Manager' role) in order to login on the website. A Manager already has an account provided. To login, the Manager needs to enter her/his login credentials: username and password. Once the Manager logs in with her/his account on the website, page 'Warehouse' appears. In the 'Warehouse' page the Manager is able to see the available products in the warehouse database and register the arrival of new products into the warehouse database. Products can be filtered by category, model. Moreover, the products may only the sold ones, only the unsold ones or all products (i.e. both sold and unsold). Another availbale page is the 'Website' page. In the 'Website' page, the Manager can add product(s) available in the warehouse database to the website and remove product(s) from the website. In the 'User' page, the Manager can see her/his credentials, log out from the website or delete her/his account by going to a dedicated page of the user account.

